#
# @(#)README 1.1 92/07/30 SMI
#

                        --- contents of /usr/demo ---

... THIS DOCUMENT IS NOT GUARANTEED TO BE UP TO DATE, USE WITH A GRAIN OF
    SALT.  After all, these are only demos.

... Refer to the system administrator's manual for instructions on pulling
    the demos programs off the release tape(s).

... All of the demos will run on all surfaces unless specifically noted.
    This incudes: all -1 monochrome and color frame buffers

... If run from the environment where the display is desired simply enter
    the demo name.  In order to change the display surface give the demo
    name followed by the option "-d /dev/surface". 

    The -d option is not supported by all demos.

... Some programs that do not use the mouse or keyboard for input can also
    be run with a "-q" option which allows the program to quickly terminate.
    This allows several different demos to be run within a shell script.

... Demos running on color surfaces started from b/w windows cannot use
    mouse input so it makes no sense to run draw and shaded in this fashion.

... To run a demo you can either "cd /usr/demo"  or  change your path to also
    look in the /usr/demo directory for binaries.

... All demos can be interrupted by ctrl-C. (except for demos that mask off
    input running in shelltools).

... All demos are distributed in compiled form, negating the need for the
    user to unload the programming environment for building those programs.
    The permissions are set at 555 for all executables, protecting the user
    from accidentally overwriting or removing the programs.

... The current release incorporates demo programs for OpenWindows.  Within
    the Makefiles for which these programs are built, the macro OPENWINHOME
    indicates the location for the include files and libraries.  The macro
    is predefined to /usr/openwin.  The user can override this by making 
    OPENWINHOME an environment variable using 'setenv' and doing a 'make -e'.

